Add Tutorial (#1)
alix-tz/escriptorium-doc-finder: README.md

- 🇫🇷 "Comment faire lire des gribouillis à mon ordinateur ?": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DgY71ZsuVs
- 🇬🇧/🇺🇸 "RESILIENCE Tool: eScriptorium": https://www.resilience-ri.eu/blog/resilience-tool-escriptorium/
- 🇫🇷 "eScriptorium : un outil pour la transcription automatique des documents": https://ephenum.hypotheses.org/1412

> - 🇩🇪 "Transkription digitalisierter Drucke und Zeitungen in eScriptorium": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQuwh3OaKqg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🇩🇪 "Transkription digitalisierter Drucke und Zeitungen in eScriptorium": https://youtu.be/aQuwh3OaKqg
```

Reviewer: The short form of the Youtube URL looks nicer and avoids a line break (and could also be used for the other Youtube links).
